Commands:
sudo su
mkdir efs
yum install -y amazon-efs-utils 
Paste nfs command on both the instances 
cd efs
git clone https://github.com/angelenaavula/mavenrepo.git 
touch efs1.txt
ls




ELASTIC FILE SYSTEM IN AWS:
1.	Go to Instances->Launch an Instance
2.	Give a name and create key pair in putty private key(ppk) format
Keep AMI,OS, Instance type default
3.	Under network settings, click on edit, select subnet 1a and create a new security group with efs—nfs and inbound rule should be:
Type: NFS
Source type: Anywhere (0.0.0.0)
4.	Launch the instance
5.	Create another instance efs2 in the same way
6.	Create key pair in putty private key(ppk) format
Keep all other settings same such as OS,AMI,Instance Type etc..
7.	Under network settings click Edit and add subnet 1b and under firewall select existing security group and launch the instance
8.	After successfully launching the two instances connect them to putty using the key.
Give Hostname/IP address from instance SSH CLIENT connect
9.	Go to SSH->Auth->Credentials and browse the key pair and give its location
10.	Connect in the same way for both the instances and open both the consoles like this
11.	 Execute the following commands for both the instances:
•	sudo su
•	mkdir efs
•	yum install -y amazon-efs-utils 
12.	Now go to aws console->Services->Elastic file system
Click on Create file System.
13.	Give name as filesystem and keep others default and click on create
14.	Now scroll down go to Network
15.	Under network click on Manage
16.	Add security group efs—nfs which we have created for both availability zones 1a and 1b
17.	 Save the changes and click on Attach
Copy the NFS Client command
18.	Copy this command on both the instances .
19.	Now navigate to the efs directories which we created in both
20.	 When we excute ls command we can see that it is empty in both instances.
In one instance if we create a file fs using touch fs we can see this file in our other instance as well
Check this using ls command
Now let us clone our maven repo in the first instance using 
git clone https://github.com/angelenaavula/mavenrepo.git  
We can see this repository in other instance as well.
Check using ls command

 
